
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="欢迎来到威尔豪斯仓储系统">欢迎来到威尔豪斯仓储系统</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
这是本仓储系统的wiki文档，欢迎使用。
</p>

<p>
*<a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=wiki:www.google.com" class="wikilink2" title="wiki:www.google.com" rel="nofollow">系统结构</a>
</p>

<p>
*<a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=wiki:www.google.com" class="wikilink2" title="wiki:www.google.com" rel="nofollow">使用文档</a>
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="数据库中wareunit表的生命周期">数据库中wareUnit表的生命周期</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
wareUnit表中含有以下几类数据
*wiID独一id，自增型
*wiName从package中获得的货品的名字
*size(width\length\height)尺寸
*count货品的箱数，货品全部离开时此项需要归零，如果是分拆，保留剩余箱数
*updateTime最后一次操作的时间
*wiCloseNote 每一次操作留一份使用记录，以&lt;br&gt;隔开。
Enjoy your work with DokuWiki,<br/>

– the developers
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "欢迎来到威尔豪斯仓储系统" [1-622] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="create_your_first_pages">Create your first pages</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Your wiki needs to have a start page. As long as it doesn&#039;t exist, this link will be red: <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=start" class="wikilink1" title="start">start</a>.
</p>

<p>
Go on, follow that link and create the page. If you need help with using the syntax you can always refer to the <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=wiki:syntax" class="wikilink1" title="wiki:syntax">syntax page</a>.
</p>

<p>
You might also want to use a sidebar. To create it, just edit the <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=sidebar" class="wikilink2" title="sidebar" rel="nofollow">sidebar</a> page. Everything in that page will be shown in a margin column on the side. Read our <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/faq%3Asidebar" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/faq%3Asidebar">FAQ on sidebars</a> to learn more.
</p>

<p>
Please be aware that not all templates support sidebars.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Create your first pages" [623-1179] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="customize_your_wiki">Customize your Wiki</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Once you&#039;re comfortable with creating and editing pages you might want to have a look at the <a href="http://localhost/dokuwiki/doku.php?do=admin&amp;page=config" class="interwiki iw_this" title="http://localhost/dokuwiki/doku.php?do=admin&amp;page=config">configuration settings</a> (be sure to login as superuser first).
</p>

<p>
You may also want to see what <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/plugins" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/plugins">plugins</a> and <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/templates" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/templates">templates</a> are available at DokuWiki.org to extend the functionality and looks of your DokuWiki installation.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Customize your Wiki" [1180-1595] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="join_the_community">Join the Community</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
DokuWiki is an Open Source project that thrives through user contributions. A good way to stay informed on what&#039;s going on and to get useful tips in using DokuWiki is subscribing to the <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/newsletter" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/newsletter">newsletter</a>.
</p>

<p>
The <a href="http://forum.dokuwiki.org" class="urlextern" title="http://forum.dokuwiki.org"  rel="nofollow">DokuWiki User Forum</a> is an excellent way to get in contact with other DokuWiki users and is just one of the many ways to get <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/faq%3Asupport" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/faq%3Asupport">support</a>.
</p>

<p>
Of course we&#039;d be more than happy to have you <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/teams%3Agetting_involved" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/teams%3Agetting_involved">getting involved</a> with DokuWiki.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Join the Community" [1596-] -->